1) 	so part of dissertation is walk through of what I did. Shall I talk about how
	implemented minix then went back and had to change things to implement a
	buffer cache?
2)	So next up is modifying the buffer cache to not just write dirty blocks
	when it finds them but to instead push them to a secondary buffer and
	when that buffer hits 128K then block remapping code executes and all
	data gets flushed at once.
3)	Then it is possible this will cause write amplification so we try a FAT
	table.
4)	But a FAT is no more compact!!! the indirect blocks are likely to be
	reasonably contiguous anyway so see no advantage of FAT table.
5) 	So what should I do? My one big idea has been flawed so don't really see
	point in implementing it because it's obvious it wont work.
	OPTIONS:
		a) Implement Iota's copy-on-write method. It was never completed
		   and therefore never tested. No proof yet. Unlikely that 
		   128 touches will need to be made.
		b) Just implement a series of the other smaller optimisations. 
		   BUT none of these result in such big perform increases.
		   Instead 
			- storage improvements by reducing size of inodes.
			- integrity of FS vs less frequent touch ups. E.g bmaps
			- place inodes next to blocks. likely inode update
			  results in block update therefore should have in same
			  erase block. ONLY work for small files < 128K
				PROBLEM - waste of a block!
			- first 32 bytes of file data could be inode contents.
			  in which case dir entry is a block pointer.
				- means less disk accesses? not a problem
				- less write amp. inode and data guaranteed
				 close together for small blocks
				- less erase cycles = longer disk life
			- block size = page size. 
			- Implement support for TRIM command - I dont have 
			  cabable SSD though for testing. 
			- remove optimisations in minix geared towards getting
			  contiguous blocks

6)	Testing??
7)	So it may be safer to go with the simpler options NOT necessarily that i
	know they will work performance wise but because I can see the bounds on
	amount of work to be done. with the fat system looks a bit hard and
	worried i might run out of time. What do you suggest??
